hi this is Benton b101 playing call of
duty 5 World War I'm going to
momentarily show you how to get under
the level of castle first get to go to
the middle of the level by the pond get
up against the wall so may take a minute
depending on where you are in the level
you can talk to this wall over by the
corner near the steps and you go back
and forth sprinting eventually you'll
see you would become part of the wall if
you continue spreading you fall on a
little like so and you are under the mat
under the mat you can see through all
the ground if you go out if you crouch
down you can go under lower paces and
see under buildings when somebody is a
sniping post in a tall tower you can
look up directly under it and see
everything in the building like so
somebody is hiding in the building you
simply get closer and see you can even
see things that are not see you in the
game like these so small fireman's now
there's also another way you can also go
outside of the map like this if you find
one second all right oh alright this
small area of land in front of me if you
jump onto your suddenly outside of the
mat now you're in the game you cannot
see anybody the walls outside of the map
and not kill anybody but there is also
i'm seriously magic door that leads you
back into the game as you can see this
cells on the map and if you fall off you
will die if you walk through this door
you cannot go back and you're back
inside of the game again go to the wall
back and forth
if you if you hold down l3 you can go
fast faster you switch to your pistol
you'll be able to go faster and get
under the mat better this could take
anywhere from one second to 30 seconds
if it does not work continue trying
again it's not working for me right now
but it did the first time this has been
doing one-on-one play call of duty five
world at work